# Human-Activity-Recognition-Mobily-Path-Prediction
Individual Mobility is the study that depicts how individuals move inside a region or system. As of late a few researches have been accomplished for this reason and there has been a flood in enormous informational accessible in individual developments. Most of these information’s are gathered from cellphone or potentially GPS with variable accuracy relying upon the distance from the tower. Enormous scope information, for example, cell phone follows are significant hotspot for urban modeling. The individual travel designs breakdown into a solitary likelihood distribution however despite the assorted variety of their travel history people follow basic reproducible examples. This similitude in movement example can help us in an extremely different zones of utilizations, for example, city arranging, traffic building, spread of disease and versatile infections. The motive of this project  is to show that by utilizing a measure of direct estimation that human directions do follow a few high reproducible scaling designs. Activity recognition expects to perceive the activities and objectives of at least one operator from a progression of perceptions on the specialists' activities and the natural conditions. Human movement acknowledgment, which is one of the developing fields of research, plans to figure out which action is finished by people. Some true applications, for example, health monitoring, abnormal behavior detection, and sport. In this way, it is a troublesome issue given the enormous number of perceptions delivered each second, the fleeting idea of the perceptions, and the absence of an unmistakable method to relate accelerometer information to known developments. Keen PDAs presently fuse numerous different and ground-breaking sensors, for example, GPS sensors, vision sensors, sound sensors, light sensors, temperature sensors, course sensors and speeding up sensors. This project is about utilizations telephone-based accelerometers to perform  activity recognition,  which includes identifying the physical movement a user is performing
